what did you do it James what do you mean I have no idea what you're talking
about you can drop the act look I know that we had a fun night we said that we
were gonna give this a try but I never said that we were and when Nia got hurt
I let you mislead her because I didn't want to come in with two new girls but
then you went ahead and do that to your best friend did you tell her no I
haven't because I'm like you I don't want to hurt her but I should tell her
should you absolutely should but you're right she will feel so hurt she found out
it was me sure you want to do that and drop the good guy at you slept with me
you pretended you wanted a relationship with me just so that it wouldn't confirm
that you are exactly the floozy clay boy the tabloids made you out to be be
flirted with Nia every chance you got you want her I have eyes everyone in the
office can see it so don't try to lecture me I just realized something I just
realized like this is the real yeah and that's soft-spoken reserved and hard
to work in Selena wasn't you you're not Nia's friend and you don't
deserve to be your friend you know why because you're jealous small and desperate
and you're right I do want her not you they don't never be because she's
everything you're not I will never be in that night between us
it meant nothing to me you can get the hell out of my office